content/_index.md, before:

---
title: Skint
date: 2017-03-11T00:00:55+00:00
---

# Skint 2017 will be 3rd - 5th November

Ashover Parish Hall, Ashover, Derbyshire

A wonderful low-cost weekend in Derbyshire, with music and dance from across Europe. Workshops, sessions, bals, lovely food, friendly atmosphere and beautiful countryside nearby!

### What is Skint?
Skint is a weekend of international music and dance, held each year in Derbyshire, England. One of the main aims of Skint is to make European folk dance and music accessible to all, particularly to those who may be unable to afford festivals in the UK or abroad. You can read more about our aims in our constitution.

Skint is a very easy-going and friendly festival. During the day there are workshops for dancers and musicians, suitable for both complete beginners and the more experienced. The bals in the evening feature music and dancing from a variety of European traditions, (e.g. France, Scandinavia, England, Eastern Europe) much of which will have been taught earlier in the day.

Skint is open to all, regardless of age or experience. You just need an interest in European folk music and dance and a willingness to get involved!

### How Skint works

Skint works because everyone contributes, in some form or other! Musicians play for dancing, dancers appreciate their music, and everyone helps out around the hall and in the kitchen (chopping, stirring, washing, drying!)

**All of the workshop leaders and performers are unpaid volunteers**.

If you'd like to offer to play or teach something do get in touch by email, or add a comment to your booking form.

### Contact us
You can email skint.dance@gmail.com

Commit message:

Add booking dates on the front page

content/_index.md, after:

---
title: Skint
date: 2017-03-11T00:00:55+00:00
---

# Skint 2017 will be 3rd - 5th November

## Skint booking will open at 7pm on Wednesday 16th August

Ashover Parish Hall, Ashover, Derbyshire

A wonderful low-cost weekend in Derbyshire, with music and dance from across Europe. Workshops, sessions, bals, lovely food, friendly atmosphere and beautiful countryside nearby!

### What is Skint?
Skint is a weekend of international music and dance, held each year in Derbyshire, England. One of the main aims of Skint is to make European folk dance and music accessible to all, particularly to those who may be unable to afford festivals in the UK or abroad. You can read more about our aims in our constitution.

Skint is a very easy-going and friendly festival. During the day there are workshops for dancers and musicians, suitable for both complete beginners and the more experienced. The bals in the evening feature music and dancing from a variety of European traditions, (e.g. France, Scandinavia, England, Eastern Europe) much of which will have been taught earlier in the day.

Skint is open to all, regardless of age or experience. You just need an interest in European folk music and dance and a willingness to get involved!

### How Skint works

Skint works because everyone contributes, in some form or other! Musicians play for dancing, dancers appreciate their music, and everyone helps out around the hall and in the kitchen (chopping, stirring, washing, drying!)

**All of the workshop leaders and performers are unpaid volunteers**.

If you'd like to offer to play or teach something do get in touch by email, or add a comment to your booking form.

### Contact us
You can email skint.dance@gmail.com
