content/usefulinfo.md, before:

---
title: Useful Info
date: 2017-03-11T00:00:55+00:00
---


### Provisional Timetable
<div class="row">

<div class="col-md-4">
<table class="table table-condensed" style="background-color:#fff">
<tr><th colspan="2">Friday<th></tr>
<tr><td style="width:120px">15:00</td><td>Venue opens</td></tr>
<tr><td>18:00 - 20:00</td><td>Dinner</td></tr>
<tr><td>20:00 - 00:00</td><td>Bal</td></tr>
</table>
</div>
<div class="col-md-4">
<table class="table table-condensed" style="background-color:#fff">
<tr><th colspan="2">Saturday<th></tr>
<tr><td style="width:120px">until 10:15</td><td>Breakfast</td></tr>
<tr><td>10:15 - 11:30</td><td>Workshop slot 1</td></tr>
<tr><td>11:45 - 13:00</td><td>Workshop slot 2</td></tr>
<tr><td>13:00 - 14:30</td><td>Lunch</td></tr>
<tr><td>14:30 - 15:45</td><td>Workshop slot 3</td></tr>
<tr><td>16:00 - 17:15</td><td>Workshop slot 4</td></tr>
<tr><td>18:00 - 20:00</td><td>Dinner</td></tr>
<tr><td>20:00 - 00:00</td><td>Bal</td></tr>
</table>
</div>
<div class="col-md-4">
<table class="table table-condensed" style="background-color:#fff">
<tr><th colspan="2">Sunday<th></tr>
<tr><td style="width:120px">until 10:00</td><td>Breakfast</td></tr>
<tr><td>10:00 - 11:15</td><td>Workshop slot 5</td></tr>
<tr><td>11:30 - 12:45</td><td>Workshop slot 6</td></tr>
<tr><td>12:45 - 14:00</td><td>Lunch</td></tr>
<tr><td>14:00 - 16:00</td><td>Clear-up</td></tr>
<tr><td>16:00 - 17:30</td><td>Bal</td></tr>
<tr><td>18:00</td><td>Venue closes</td></tr>
</table>
</div>


</div>

### Food

If you book a full weekend you will be included in the communally prepared meals (breakfast, lunch and supper). Meals are vegetarian. Other diets, e.g. vegan, gluten-free, can be catered for. Let us know when you sign up.

Please bring your own drinks - water, juice, tea and coffee will be provided.

If you have a day or evening place with no meals provided, you may bring your own food and eat in the hall but you will not be able to use the kitchen for preparing it, due to space constraints. There are also 3 pubs in the village.

### Indoor camping

Included in the full weekend place. It means sleeping bags and mattresses on the floor in the hall. You'll need to bring a sleeping bag, mat and pillow. As everyone is sleeping in close proximity and there may be music late into the night in adjoining rooms, we suggest that you bring earplugs!

### Outdoor camping

Included in the full weekend place. If you prefer more space, not having to move your bed each morning and less snoring, there is a camping field very close to the hall.

You will be asked to state your preference for indoor or outdoor camping on the booking form, just so we have an idea of numbers in advance.

There are also B&amp;Bs and self-catering cottages nearby.

[Peak District Online - accommodation &amp; info](http://www.peakdistrictonline.co.uk/ashover-c2537.html)

### Showers

We will have access to the showers in the Sports Pavilion next door at certain times during the weekend. The showers are coin-operated with 20p pieces. Please bring some with you!

Commit message:

Add £5 charge for outdoor camping

content/usefulinfo.md, after:

---
title: Useful Info
date: 2017-03-11T00:00:55+00:00
---


### Provisional Timetable
<div class="row">

<div class="col-md-4">
<table class="table table-condensed" style="background-color:#fff">
<tr><th colspan="2">Friday<th></tr>
<tr><td style="width:120px">15:00</td><td>Venue opens</td></tr>
<tr><td>18:00 - 20:00</td><td>Dinner</td></tr>
<tr><td>20:00 - 00:00</td><td>Bal</td></tr>
</table>
</div>
<div class="col-md-4">
<table class="table table-condensed" style="background-color:#fff">
<tr><th colspan="2">Saturday<th></tr>
<tr><td style="width:120px">until 10:15</td><td>Breakfast</td></tr>
<tr><td>10:15 - 11:30</td><td>Workshop slot 1</td></tr>
<tr><td>11:45 - 13:00</td><td>Workshop slot 2</td></tr>
<tr><td>13:00 - 14:30</td><td>Lunch</td></tr>
<tr><td>14:30 - 15:45</td><td>Workshop slot 3</td></tr>
<tr><td>16:00 - 17:15</td><td>Workshop slot 4</td></tr>
<tr><td>18:00 - 20:00</td><td>Dinner</td></tr>
<tr><td>20:00 - 00:00</td><td>Bal</td></tr>
</table>
</div>
<div class="col-md-4">
<table class="table table-condensed" style="background-color:#fff">
<tr><th colspan="2">Sunday<th></tr>
<tr><td style="width:120px">until 10:00</td><td>Breakfast</td></tr>
<tr><td>10:00 - 11:15</td><td>Workshop slot 5</td></tr>
<tr><td>11:30 - 12:45</td><td>Workshop slot 6</td></tr>
<tr><td>12:45 - 14:00</td><td>Lunch</td></tr>
<tr><td>14:00 - 16:00</td><td>Clear-up</td></tr>
<tr><td>16:00 - 17:30</td><td>Bal</td></tr>
<tr><td>18:00</td><td>Venue closes</td></tr>
</table>
</div>


</div>

### Food

If you book a full weekend you will be included in the communally prepared meals (breakfast, lunch and supper). Meals are vegetarian. Other diets, e.g. vegan, gluten-free, can be catered for. Let us know when you sign up.

Please bring your own drinks - water, juice, tea and coffee will be provided.

If you have a day or evening place with no meals provided, you may bring your own food and eat in the hall but you will not be able to use the kitchen for preparing it, due to space constraints. There are also 3 pubs in the village.

### Indoor camping

Included in the full weekend place. It means sleeping bags and mattresses on the floor in the hall. You'll need to bring a sleeping bag, mat and pillow. As everyone is sleeping in close proximity and there may be music late into the night in adjoining rooms, we suggest that you bring earplugs!

### Outdoor camping

Included in the full weekend place. If you prefer more space, not having to move your bed each morning and less snoring, there is a camping field very close to the hall.

You will be asked to state your preference for indoor or outdoor camping on the booking form, just so we have an idea of numbers in advance.

For those of you without full weekend places there is a charge of £5 per person per night.

There are also B&amp;Bs and self-catering cottages nearby.


[Peak District Online - accommodation &amp; info](http://www.peakdistrictonline.co.uk/ashover-c2537.html)

### Showers

We will have access to the showers in the Sports Pavilion next door at certain times during the weekend. The showers are coin-operated with 20p pieces. Please bring some with you!
